chore(RHTAPWATCH-1018): test PVC creation pre-deployment (#94)
konflux-ci/konflux-ci: README.md

### Bootstrapping the Cluster

> From the root of this repository, run the following commands, using the setup scripts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the root of this repository, run the setup scripts:
```

Author: fixed

### Setup Scripts or Pipeline Execution Fail

> #### Running out of resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Running out of Resources
```

Author: fixed

**Note:** It might take a few minutes for the UI to become available once the container
is restarted.

> #### Cluster lacks deault storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Unable to Bind PVCs
```

Author: fixed

> The `deploy-deps` script includes a check to verify whether the cluster has default storage configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `deploy-deps` script includes a check to verify whether PVCs on the default storage class can be bind.
```

Author: fixed

> If default storage is absent, the script will fail, displaying: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If volume claims are unable to be fulfilled, the script will fail, displaying: 
```

Author: fixed

`error: timed out waiting for the condition on persistentvolumeclaims/test-pvc`.

> If you are using Kind, try to re-create the cluster. 

Reviewer: Thinking about it, we can actually do better with Kind. We can restart the container instead of restarting the cluster. You can point to the running out of resources section -- it's explained there.

Author: fixed (also the last request)

> Otherwise, ensure that PVCs (Persistent Volume Claims) can be allocated for the cluster's default storage class.

Reviewer: Let's introduce line breaks at 89 characters (same for other lines in this PR as well).

Author: fixed
